Let's use multiple cursors with Posit's RStudio IDE. These can be super useful when you have to do
finicky text manipulation tasks within a document or in your code. Let's see how all this works
running through your options with an example. Suppose we have this artist table and we want
to convert it to a vector of just the artists. First, let's create a few extra cursors. We're
going to use Option, Control, and then use the Up or Down arrow on a Mac, or Control and Alt
and the Up or Down arrow on Windows. Now let's move around and select some text using the Shift
and arrow keys. We're going to use Command and the arrow key to jump to the end of the line.
Then use Shift and the Option key plus some arrows to select the comma and years. Note that we're
selecting across multiple lines. And then backspace to delete that. And then on the keyboard, just
Forward Delete to move all of these into one line. And now just a little bit of our code to convert
these into a vector called artists. So far in this example, we use just keyboard shortcuts to create
multiple cursors across multiple lines, but you could also use your mouse. On Windows, use Alt
and then click and drag to select multiple lines. And then on a Mac, hold